 
 Thank you shanuka,

 so, let's consider about the Admin panel,
 and sahan will log as admin then we can see detailwise about the admin panel.
 The admin panel is fully covered about  administration of the system.there have facilities like user management, 
 employee managemnet,make noticication,handle dashboard and make changes in user privilagers 
 of the system and there is a role admin to maintain the adimn panel
 and
 the admin only have permission to access admin panel of the system.
          
  

  the first User interface is Home
  There can be seen summerize of system details about user count,employee count ,Total notifications and total permission.
  //after that you can see active inactive users in the below section

  users
  Then user part is tha main section of the admin panel and admin can handle users
  in we can delete or upadte details about system users and 
  by using below section Admin can add new user by entering details like firstname, lastname,email and tempary password..
 
 Then sahan will add sample user to system by entering these records . . .
 specially, Admin can only creates a tempory password and new user should use it for first time logging 
 and after that he/she can change that password.
 thank u sahan.
 and next we can move on to the employee section

  Employees
  as like before users section we can make crud operation for employees.There have options to update and delete options for 
  employees in upper section and there has a form in below part to add new employee to the system
   we can see there are 3 types of employee_catageorise which connect with the system like ,
             Permanent , Tempory and contract based. 
                  
  Notification
 
  If you oberserve the dashboard ,when we log into the system in any types of logins,
  the first screen was the dashboard message. All the dashboard messages are sent by 
  this interface.
  when we move to the left handside of notification User interface we can see a form,
  and
  owner or admin can push a message to the dashboard by using this
  this messages will be display to all the user roles of the system.

  In the right hand side admin or owner can send private message to users by 
  selecting their role...So,This interface enhance the system's intercommunication among 
  users.
  
 finally we can consider about the permission interface
 
 as udara mention before In our system has condition that stockkeeper
 has to get permission from the owner to add new batch to the stock.And also accountant must need permission 
 from owner to delete an expense record.So this User interface manage all the permissions in the system 
 through the components 
 and owner is the resposible person who accept or decline permission requests.

 so.. this is the  demonstration of our W3contracts system and , if there have anything to  clarify 
 you may ask now.Thank you!
  
 




 12


 inline 
 

   front end validation
   back end validation


&#x270E - update

  model එකෙන් controller එකට යවනව විතරයි. controller එක තමයි  හදලා ඔක්කොනම කරලා model එකට යවන්නේ
 